README.md, before:

# Hi 👋, I’m Gil Meyuhas

---

## 🔭 About Me
I’m a DevOps & IT Engineer & multi-instrumentalist musician based in Jerusalem.  
I love building and automating infrastructure, tinkering with media servers, and exploring new tech.

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack & Skills
- **Cloud & Infra:** Terraform · AWS · Ansible  
- **Containers & Orchestration:** Docker · Kubernetes  
- **CI/CD & Automation:** Jenkins · GitHub Actions · Bash · Python  
- **DevOps & Security:** Linux Administration · ISO 27001 Compliance · NFS/SMB · Synology NAS  
- **Media & Other Tools:** ARR Suite

---

## 📈 GitHub Stats
![GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=gilmeyuhas&show_icons=true&count_private=true&theme=radical)  
![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=gilmeyuhas&layout=compact&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true&theme=radical)
<p align="center">
  <em>but does it show private repos?</em>
</p>

---

## 🤝 Let’s Connect
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-blue?logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gil-meyuhas-304796249/)  
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-@gilmeyuhas-purple?logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/gilmeyuhas/)  
[![Spotify](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spotify-Listen-green?logo=spotify&logoColor=white)](https://open.spotify.com/artist/6WzlVsRvDUiIhICZasGD2i?si=MmVdVGOxS0eukwG_5fhhQQ)  

<p align="center">
  <em>“Continuous improvement in code and life.”</em>
</p>

Commit message:

Update yt2radarr project description

README.md, after:

# Hi 👋, I’m Gil Meyuhas

---

## 🔭 About Me
I’m a DevOps & IT Engineer & multi-instrumentalist musician based in Jerusalem.  
I love building and automating infrastructure, tinkering with media servers, and exploring new tech.

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack & Skills
- **Cloud & Infra:** Terraform · AWS · Ansible  
- **Containers & Orchestration:** Docker · Kubernetes  
- **CI/CD & Automation:** Jenkins · GitHub Actions · Bash · Python  
- **DevOps & Security:** Linux Administration · ISO 27001 Compliance · NFS/SMB · Synology NAS  
- **Media & Other Tools:** ARR Suite

---

## 🚀 Featured Projects
- **yt2radarr** – A web UI that turns any publicly accessible YouTube video into a Radarr-ready movie file. Paste a YouTube URL, pick a movie from Radarr, and yt2radarr will download, rename, and drop the file exactly where Radarr (and Plex/Jellyfin) expects it.

---

## 📈 GitHub Stats
![GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=gilmeyuhas&show_icons=true&count_private=true&theme=radical)  
![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=gilmeyuhas&layout=compact&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true&theme=radical)
<p align="center">
  <em>but does it show private repos?</em>
</p>

---

## 🤝 Let’s Connect
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-blue?logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gil-meyuhas-304796249/)  
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-@gilmeyuhas-purple?logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/gilmeyuhas/)  
[![Spotify](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spotify-Listen-green?logo=spotify&logoColor=white)](https://open.spotify.com/artist/6WzlVsRvDUiIhICZasGD2i?si=MmVdVGOxS0eukwG_5fhhQQ)  

<p align="center">
  <em>“Continuous improvement in code and life.”</em>
</p>
